# Oriental-Home-policy
Oriental Home privacy policy


technical support Contact email: uksk4fk@163.com

Privacy policy Respect and protect the personal privacy of all users of the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, your personal information will be used and disclosed in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. However, the information will be treated with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise provided in this privacy policy, such information will not be disclosed or provided to third parties without your prior permission. This privacy policy will be updated from time to time. When you agree to the service use agreement, you are deemed to have agreed to the whole content of this privacy policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of the service use agreement.
1. Scope of application a) When you register your account, the personal registration information you provide as required; b) Automatically receive and record the information on your browser and computer when you use network services or access platform web pages, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, language used, access date and time, software and hardware feature information, web page records you need and other data; c) Personal data of users obtained from business partners through legal channels. You understand and agree that this privacy policy does not apply to the following information: a) The keyword information you enter when using the search service provided by the platform; b) The collected information and data about your release, including but not limited to participation activities, transaction information and evaluation details; c) Violation of laws or rules and measures taken against you.
2. Use of information a) You will not provide, sell, lease, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party unless you have obtained your prior permission, or the third party and (including affiliates) provide services for you individually or jointly, and after the completion of the services, they will be prohibited from accessing all the materials including those previously accessible to them. b) No third party is allowed to collect, edit, sell or distribute your personal information free of charge by any means. Any platform user who engages in the above activities shall have the right to terminate the service agreement with the user immediately upon discovery. c) For the purpose of serving users, it may provide you with information of interest by using your personal information, including but not limited to sending you product and service information, or sharing information with partners so that they can send you information about their products and services (the latter requires your prior consent).
3. Information disclosure under the following circumstances, your personal information will be disclosed in whole or in part according to your personal will or the provisions of the law: a) Disclose to a third party with your prior consent; b) In order to provide the products and services you require, you must share your personal information with a third party; c) To disclose to a third party or administrative or judicial organ in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law or the requirements of the administrative or judicial organ; d) If you violate the relevant laws, regulations or service agreement or relevant rules of China, you need to disclose to a third party; e) If you are a qualified intellectual property complainant and have filed a complaint, you should disclose it to the respondent at the request of the respondent, so that both parties can handle possible rights disputes; f) In a transaction created on the platform, if any party to the transaction fulfills or partially fulfills its transaction obligations and requests for information disclosure, it has the right to decide to provide the user with necessary information such as the contact information of its counterparty, so as to facilitate the completion of the transaction or the settlement of disputes. g) Other disclosures deemed appropriate according to laws, regulations or website policies.
4. The information and data about you collected by information storage and exchange will be saved on the servers of and / or its affiliates, which may be transmitted to your country, region or overseas where the information and data are collected and accessed, stored and displayed overseas.
5. Use of cookies a) If you do not refuse to accept cookies, cookies will be set or accessed on your computer so that you can log in or use platform services or functions that depend on cookies. Use cookies to provide you with more thoughtful personalized services, including promotional services. b) You have the right to choose to accept or reject cookies. You can refuse to accept cookies by modifying your browser settings. However, if you choose to refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to log in or use cookies dependent web services or features. c) This policy will apply to the information obtained through the established cookies.
6. Information security a) The account has security protection function. Please keep your user name and password information properly. Security measures such as encrypting the user password will ensure that your information is not lost, abused or altered. In spite of the aforementioned security measures, please note that there is no "perfect security measures" on the information network. b) When using Internet services for online transactions, you inevitably need to disclose your personal information, such as contact information or postal address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty. Please protect your personal information and provide it to others only when necessary. If you find that your personal information is leaked, especially the user name and password, please contact customer service immediately to take corresponding measures.
